
Design document

Project Description of Target SystemGoal: 
   expecting to find the predictable pattern to increase the willingnessof customer to buy the ticket

High-level architecture:
   The  system organized as a loosely connected set of clients and servers that share a common set of
 communication data. Servers make resources available to a community of clients and increase the experice of the client 
   When a request is received by the server Stream Manager, the type of request is determined and the path of the URL is resolved via the Path Resolver.
   body will contain all the necessary elements for server DB and Service

Privacy Information
  what kind of user data can be collected and stored

Version History 
   1.0.0

Design techbology forecast/Dependencies
   python /Java /SOA /AWS or Azure/ sql or nosql

System-wide design decisions on the Data 
  2 ways to capture and utilize the Data : 

1. Stationary
   1.1. capture the client webpage events
   1.2 map the selected elements to a webform/json string object
   1.3 post to the backend DB
   1.4 browser sessionid based , if send out from one session, it will belong to one group for analysis
   1.5 DB - permenant storage / real time analysis
   1.6 table schema 
   
2.Machine learning self adjusted 
   2.1  capture the first client webpage event
   2.2  post to server
   2.3  get the list of recommendation list back to the client (based on the models analysis )
   2.4  capture the webpage event based on the user reaction 
   2.5  send to server to adjust the recommadation list 
   2.6  Data will be feed into the model , instead of directly store in the storage


Data Type:
  {
  "$sessionid": "xxx",
  "$schema": "flightsearch",
  " ": "seattle",
  "to": "to",
  "properties": {
    "from": {
      "type": "string",
      "description": "from."
    },
    "to": {
      "type": "string",
      "description": "destination."
    },
    "data": {
      "starttime": "xxxxxx.",
      "backtime": "xxxx",
      "number": xx
    }
  }
}


Approval factor:
10% traffic on first method ,10% traffic on second method to compare the convension rate 
client bought the ticket will be the most measuable factor

Specify any constraints for the design team using this document.
 
Standards Compliance
Hardware Limitations

Design Considerations:  time/space/hardware limitation

Assumptions and Dependencies: development enviorment.
General Constraints: Describe any constraints that could have an impact on the design of the software.
Goals and Guidelines: Describe any goals and guidelines for the design of the software.
Development Methods: Describe the software design method that will be used.
 